1. Come up with basic OpenDota routes that can get player data, league data, and misc data needed to create/run a league
2. Create a Mongo DB for dev and get them ready
3. Create User Schema for account logins, handle steam logins most likely and will want to import steam passport
4. Take User Email to send any league updates/info if needed
5. Create Player Schema for player info -- data from leagues as well as any leagues they have signed up for/played in
6. Update User Schema to allow for Godmin/Badmin for Leagues
7. Allow league creation, will want to take in a parameter for their League ID in game so we can tie it to whatever league it is
8. Create League Schema, which will include User Schema as references. 
9. Add the ability to create invite links for users to join leagues, will need to have a webhook me thinks for steam passport authentication.
10. Basic admin controls for removing/banning User Schema/Player Schema from leagues, along with reasoning. General admin information/tools
11. Allow deletion of a User Schema/Player Schema, and Deletion of Leagues
	* What to do if a Godmin deletes their account
12. Allow Godmin's to appoint Admins, and transfer ownership in some way
13. Create Team Schema that allows players to join/form teams
	* Should be flexible enough... tied to a league? Or should we allow for teams to form independent from a League to make team signups easier?
14. Allow users to create teams in Leagues, Team Captain will have add/remove permissions 
15. Update League Schema to allow specific rules/info to apply (draft format, max mmr, min mmr, word cloud bans, max teams)
16. Create GameSchedule Schema that can create a schedule for teams to play (depending on format)
	* Stretch goal: Have GameSchedule update with Admin discretion when all games are complete, to match a certain format
17. Create PlayoffSchema that will take X teams in the League and create a playoff bracket
18. Update League Schema to allow for links to discord, twitter, steam, or an external website
19. Create ToS to use that matches OpenDota/Valve requirements
20. Enforce API restrictions so that I don't get charged thousands of dollars
21. Start Work on the React Front-End -- probably won't happen for quite a while.